# FeitCSI, the 802.11 CSI tool

Visit [https://feitcsi.kuskosoft.com](https://feitcsi.kuskosoft.com) to view the full documentation.

FeitCSI is the **first open-source** tool that enables CSI extraction and injection frames for **all formats (802.11a/g/n/ac/ax)** in **all bandwidths (20/40/80/160 MHz)** from commodity intel NIC **AX200, AX210** (There is high possibility that newest intel NIC is also supported). The aim of FeitCSI tool is:

- **easy to use**, providing a tool in different formats source, binary, and also live distribution with a tool for virtual environments or live USB and other discs
- **high availability** on different devices (e.g. x86_64, arm)
- **open-source**, which allows the community to contribute and improve this tool for purpose of future researches and next activities

---

## Functionality

FeitCSI allows you to **extract CSI** and **inject frames** for **all frames 802.11a/g/n/ac/ax** and **all bandwidths (20/40/80/160 MHz) with NO LIMITS**. Based on the NIC used also **6 GHz band is supported** (5945 - 7125 MHz). The main tool provides for users [Command line interface](https://feitcsi.kuskosoft.com/command_line_interface/) where can set up all parameters. For users less proficient at the command line and for comfortable tuning parameters [Graphical user interface](https://feitcsi.kuskosoft.com/graphical_user_interface/) is provided.

> [!WARNING]
> FeitCSI is unlocked for all supported bands, channels, etc. You are responsible for following the laws of the country, frequency, and power levels in which the device is used.

Are you prepared? Read [Getting started](https://feitcsi.kuskosoft.com/getting_started/) guide.

---

## For users

Any use of the Software which results in an academic publication or other publication which includes a bibliography must include
citations to the FeitCSI project:

"Miroslav Hutar, Peter Brida and Juraj Machaj. FeitCSI, the 802.11 CSI tool. https://feitcsi.kuskosoft.com"
  ```
  @electronic{feitcsi:project,
      author = {Hutar, Miroslav and Brida, Peter and Machaj, Juraj},
      title = {FeitCSI, the 802.11 CSI tool},
      url = {https://feitcsi.kuskosoft.com},
      year = {2023}
  }
  ```

---

## Competition
There are some platforms, that are used to extract CSI from commodity hardware. However, they don't support current standards or injection packets. The only one competition is PicoScenes. It is a robust and good platform but FeitCSI has several advantages against it:

* **All for free without limits**
* **No restriction to specific version of Linux OS and computer architecture** (PicoScenes work only on CPU with SSE4.2 or AVX2 and you need to have Ubuntu 20.04 LTS or its variants. **FeitCSI will work on every computer architecture** where can be installed Linux (e.g. x86-64, ARM). But of course, you have to plug NICs via PCI.)
* **Support virtual environment** (If you don't want to install software on your computer or you have trouble, just download our prepared image of FeitCSI and enjoy FeitCSI in the virtual environment. Follow the steps in [Getting started - Virtual environment](https://feitcsi.kuskosoft.com/getting_started/#virtual-environment))
* **Live medium** (Our image can be also used in live medium (e.g. USB), not only in the virtual environment)
* **No data collection** (PicoScenes has in eula that you agree to fill and share real information about your affiliation and research team also they collected and use statistics on selected information on your computer, including but not limited to computer hardware information, non-personal files on your computer and data or files generated by its software. Based on the last words your CSI data aren't safe. Looks a bit like spyware to me)
* **User friendly GUI application** (We provide a GUI application where you can fast-tune parameters by filling in fields in the form)